I was so caught off guard. We're
starting with that. We have a never
before seen clip. Oh god. Now you love
this. Come on. Let's talk about it.
That's a CROCK OF CRAP.
WELCOME TO THE OFFICIAL BEAST GAMES 2
reunion. Jack, what did I do? You
screwed Sue over. Scary. Have you spoke
with Sue since? I'm still waiting on a
response. You would like a chance to
apologize to her. Sue, come on in.
So you got to give HIM A HUG?
YOU DON'T HAVE THE [music] BALLS.
Watching that live with the rest of the
world was devastating. [music] I think
in no way is that cheating. I would do
it 100 times over.
>> want to cry.
>> We're going to talk about all the beef,
all the drama.
>> I don't think 2 [music] weeks is a
ridiculous time to make it official.
>> It is a ridiculous time to get married.
>> I pronounce you husband and wife. The
internet thinks it's fake.
>> We can clear this up right here.
>> If you [music] divorce her, do you get
half her 500 grand?
>> I mean Yo, why are you all choked up?
And Jack, you ordained that wedding? I
sure did.
>> A real honorable ordained minister.
And show you some things that you didn't
see in the show. Most [music] satisfying
shot of the entire show.
>> The moment August got eliminated.
>> I couldn't trust [music] him.
>> Maybe I should have shut up about it.
>> If I could turn back the time What would
you take? I would have taken 500,000. My
boys don't got my back like that.
>> That makes me feel worse. I want to play
this clip of Monica. [music]
>> You want to eliminate all the girls one
by one.
>> Woah, woah, what are you doing?
>> Where did you get those shots?
I'm here with John Usha. Let's get in
[music] to the reunion.
Welcome to the official reunion of Beast
Games season 2.
I'm excited.
>> [applause]
>> I thought we just address the elephant
in the room. Obviously, Corey is not
here with us. He had a work commitment
that he couldn't get out of, but Corey,
we miss you here. We wish you were here,
but uh we got a lot to dive into. So uh
Jimmy, I wanted to ask how much money
did you give away on this season of
Beast Games? Season 2, we gave away 12.6
million dollars, most of which went to
people right here. Yeah. [laughter] But
but not evenly. Not evenly. Not evenly.
Can we show the earnings of the folks
here? Oh gosh.
Damn. Yeah. Okay. All right. The mood
changed a little bit.
>> Wow, John is kicking it off like this.
>> [laughter]
>> I I wanted to spice things up a little
bit because I talked to a bunch of you
guys before this. I asked you guys who
from the finalists did not deserve the
money that they took home.
Oh my god, we're getting to this
already. [laughter]
We're starting with that? The two people
who got the most votes were Brett and
Nick.
Ooh.
Oh, that's how the gang over here feels?
I'm wondering if you guys could uh like
elaborate on that. Come on, guys. What'd
you say?
>> Uh I'm just saying like the way that it
was won was a little a little just the
dishonesty was Oh. Was the only reason.
Can you elaborate on that? I mean, the
only two people to not take their fair
split in the money split was Nick and
Brett. Why don't we play a clip when
things started to unravel? Wait, I love
this. We are all going to get $100,000
and everybody's going to be so happy. So
so happy. If we all do that, we'll all
be in a good spot, but this is a real
test of someone's character.
>> [laughter]
>> We will see. It's hard because I want
everyone to have a piece of the pie. Do
the pieces though have to be even? I'm
going to take $250,000.
Woah.
At some point, you [music] got to be a
little bit greedy for yourself.
Wow.
How are you feeling? Cuz you told me
right before you were like, they're all
going to take their fair share.
Yeah, I mean, I guess I should after
season 1 expect something like that to
happen now, but Yeah, but that moment uh
I was I I even I was like pretty
shocked. What What do you think though
because why not take the whole thing at
that point instead of just 250k?
>> Well, I felt in that time I'm like,
okay, if I take 250k and leave $750,000,
I thought that it would be respected
amongst my friends that I didn't take a
lot more. Uh clearly, my boys don't got
my back like that, but hey, that's
I mean, I've never met people walking up
to $750,000 that are very ungrateful
acting like it was 50 bucks, but August
saw August saw the money and was like
taken back. And I know August is going
to think that like, okay, like I cooked
my chances, but I feel like my chances
dropped because of the the reaction of
my friends. I mean, hey, these are the
same people that were prancing around
dapping up JT saying more money for JC,
but I do something and everyone here
knows my story. I have lesser than and
and that's not a pity party. I did
something for myself and still left a
good chunk of change for people that are
very fortunate in their regular lives.
>> With what you know now, how much would
you take? If I could go and back in
front of the money, I would have taken
$500,000 and
>> [laughter]
>> No, no, I'm dead serious. I I would I
would have I would have taken I think
that's smart. I think I would have taken
I would have taken 500k and if you got
to the box and 100k was still in there,
your guaranteed amount, if you didn't
take it, that's on you and that's not on
me. And yeah, I don't expect to be
praised, but I didn't expect to get the
hate that I got. I want to hear what
August has to say. Yeah, like if it were
me, it's like you should take half or
you know, something like that.
Um so your friends can still get a
little bit of money, but then at least
like
you have a significant chunk that you're
kind of like self-limiting for. And so
it's obviously Let Let me finish. So
obviously uh No, no, but I'm saying If I
knew phones was next, I would have taken
the million instead of guys, I have a
plan. And and I would have I would have
distributed it for the votes to get
through. If Nick took the mill and then
in the phone game split it evenly 100k,
I'm not voting for that guy. I'm going
to take the 100k. I actually I would
have done the same thing. I would have
taken 750. I think the thing about the
money split, like Nick was kind of the
ringleader of that discussion. Like
guys, like I'm going to be so happy to
just go home with 100k like and we're
like, yeah, yeah, like this is a great
plan and I think, you know,
we just felt blindsided by that. Yeah. I
want I want to talk about another
pivotal moment during the cubes game
where it seemed like a lot of things
started to unravel. Jack,
>> [laughter]
>> That's a big one.
>> I do? Oh yeah, let's go. Oh, we're
starting with that.
Let's talk about it.
>> [laughter]
>> The laser pointer just shifted from
those two over to there. Bring in Sue. I
want to talk about the moment where you
rigged the card game to eliminate Sue.
>> the R-word.
>> And uh
>> [laughter]
>> I want to I want to play the clip first.
Jack, Tyler, and Sue decided to draw
cards to determine which of the three of
them would be going home. And that's
when Jack did something unexpected.
>> [snorts]
>> Low card goes home.
1 [music] 2 3 go.
Oh, it's me.
Uh Sue, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, sweetheart.
>> [laughter]
>> I shouldn't have said sweetheart.
Yeah. Wow, that's that's a clip. Wow.
That's a clip.
That's what we're going to watch back.
Have you spoke with Sue since? I did
send Sue two messages. I'm still waiting
on a response. I
I think she's seen them. She just has
chose not to respond.
>> Oh, wow. Honestly, in her situation, I
probably would have done something
similar, but yeah, still have not had
that reconciliation yet. And when she
didn't know that happened till it aired?
She did not. We We didn't tell her. No.
I actually spoke with Sue uh after she
got eliminated as part of our behind the
scenes and I'm wondering if we could
play this clip uh from my conversation
with Sue.
I'm just I'm just curious if you had
this context. They're the nicest guys in
the world and this is a game and we
played a fair game and I'm going home
with no money. It I mean, so it really
sucks. I was hoping at least something
to help me
in my retirement. You know, I'm 60,
[music] so I was really hoping to have
something.
How do you think about your retirement
now?
It's scary.
You know, like I've always worked two
jobs.
You know, I work hard. I'm a hard
worker,
>> [snorts]
>> but I've never had the money to really
like
be financially secure.
So I'm going to just keep working, I
guess.
>> [laughter]
>> It just sort of sucks. I want to be able
to help my daughter and my mom.
And I might not be able to.
Yeah, it doesn't look great now after
watching that.
I I remember I asked you after you made
that decision like
do you worry about being perceived as
the villain? What What do you think?
Like Now, no. I think after that moment
when we had that conversation, I did
reflect on a little bit and I realized
like the perception was obviously going
to be pretty negative, but
looking back, I would I would have done
the exact same thing even after watching
that. I had never met Sue before the
show. My life is not going to change
with or without Sue in my life. So I was
like, I'm willing to sacrifice that
relationship to to sit here right now.
If I had if I had to trade this seat to
be friends with Sue, I'm sitting here
right now. Damn, I I didn't realize you
tried to reach out to her. She didn't
She left her DMs unread. Yeah, which is
honestly, I was hoping to be able to
have an open conversation with her. If I
was in her position, I'd be pissed at
me. But you you said you would like a
chance to apologize to her? I would like
I would I just have a conversation with
her. Not necessarily apologize for it
cuz I have no regrets on that. I would
do it 100 times over.
>> Okay. Well, I mean, I I I feel like I
feel like you could facilitate that
conversation.
>> Yeah. Um it's kind of a shame that that
chair is left empty.
Um Sue, come on in. No way.
Oh, she's going to give HIM A HUG?
>> [screaming]
[laughter]
>> OH MY GOD. OH MY GOD. NO WAY.
CONGRATULATIONS.
THANKS FOR COMING OUT. THANK YOU. ALL
RIGHT. HEY, how are you?
I'm so happy.
This day just got way worse.
All right, everyone, let's let's let's
have a
seat. Let's have a seat.
>> [laughter]
>> No way, this is crazy. This is crazy.
What a pleasant surprise. How are you?
I'm doing really good.
You got us.
>> [laughter]
>> Yo, that's amazing.
That's crazy. I heard that you might
have not replied to a certain someone's
DMs. You want to tell us about that?
>> Yeah, well, when when somebody
I'm all for gameplay. Of course. And I'm
obviously I'm from Survivor. It's
cutthroat game. I understand gameplay. I
actually respect gameplay. Yep. But it's
after the game that to me matters. And
it's on a human level that when you do
something against someone and you
actually
destroy their dreams. Oof. And you don't
have the balls to let them know ahead of
time.
>> I signed a contract that said I wouldn't
say anything.
>> don't have the balls to let them know.
Yeah. That you sort of burned them in a
different way than what you expected.
Yeah. It's very hard to like
talk to them.
And I understand, but once again, we all
signed a contract. I signed an NDA that
says I'm I'm not going to say anything.
And I I talked to people in my life and
they told me, "Do not say anything to
her. Have that conversation after." And
literally at 4:00 a.m. on Wednesday when
the episode dropped, you saw I sent the
message.
>> So, what people did you talk to seeing
that you signed an NDA?
I talked to people that were in the
game.
>> Oh, and what did they all tell you?
Don't say anything.
>> That's such a lie. That's not true?
That's not true?
You were you were you there for that
conversation?
>> to people who've told me
>> Well, I I had the conversation with
them. I I've spoken to other people who
told me otherwise.
>> Okay, please name them.
Yeah, I feel like Thank you. We we said
Thank you. I appreciate you guys.
I remember you saying us saying, "I
think you should say something ahead of
time just so she's not blindsided."
That's my memory of it.
>> That was one of the hardest things that
I had to endure. I understood that, you
know, I was knocked out of the game. And
the one thing that I did say, and you
were there, is that, you know, I want to
have a message sent out to all of the
people, especially the young children
like my grandson's age, that we're all
going to play games in life. Okay, we
can't win every game.
But what matters is is that you show up,
you go all in,
and you play with integrity.
And that's what makes you a winner.
That's how you know, that's how I feel.
It's It's I played the game with
integrity. I was willing to walk out and
handcuff myself because I believed I
lost a fair game. The game is over and
I'm a human being and watching that live
with the rest of the world was
devastating.
>> you tell us about that? Where Where
Where were you when you watched it? What
was it?
Like where Where were you at your house?
>> because Yeah, so I was at my house. And
you know, every morning I get you know,
I get up early and you know, I knew I
was going to be eliminated. I'm totally,
you know,
accepting of that. Knew I was being
eliminated like all of us, you know,
have been eliminated.
When I watched that,
I fell to the floor when I realized what
Jack had done. And on top of being
devastated, my first instinct was to
call my daughter and my grandson because
they wake up early before school
to watch the show.
And I needed to warn them
that Jack did what he did and that's how
I got eliminated. It wasn't the fair
game that I thought, in my opinion, that
I thought it was.
And that was really hard and you know,
to have I couldn't call a million
people, but to have my sister call me
crying hysterical, devastated. It was
It's hard. It's sad, you know, because
if I had known, I could at least warn my
loved ones
of what happened and I didn't get that
opportunity.
And I feel on a human level and all of
us who do play these games, we do sign
an NDA. I will never hide behind an NDA
contract when we are all players
together in the same game. I don't think
you would have broken an NDA
law if you had told me because I'm a
player, too. It's not like I'm someone
that Joe Schmoe on the street. I was
playing with you in this game. So, I
don't accept the fact that you're hiding
behind an NDA.
>> it, but at the same time you can talk to
every one of these contestants that that
knew about it prior because I talked
about it to them in this game. It was
not an easy thing for me not to say
anything. But it weighed on me
absolutely heavy.
>> And I I told them the plan for
>> So, when I saw you four days prior at
the party that I saw you four days prior
and I saw you You couldn't even look at
me and I couldn't figure out why you
couldn't even look at me.
>> at you. We had a great conversation. We
talked. We took photos. We had a good
time. We were at We were at a New York
City watch party together for episode
four.
But what's called? I I then It's a good
thing I wasn't at the watch party for
episode five. Yeah.
He wasn't invited.
>> [laughter]
>> Justified. If I had not done that and
we play we played as as normal and I
flipped the card and if I had flipped
the low card, I would I would have gone
out of there. Well, yeah. Like I I would
have sat at home going, "Man, I wish I
wish I had
I'm not I'm so I'm not going to use the
word cheat. I don't think it's cheating
in my opinion. We can have different
opinions. I think in no way is that
cheating. The rule of the game is not to
play a fair game. The rule of the game
is to convince someone to handcuff
themselves and I was able to convince
you to handcuff themselves. I don't I
don't think
>> to you. Yeah, I don't I don't think the
cube game should be seen as a game where
you get to pick whatever you want and
then you play on that those results. The
game it's a social manipulation game.
So, I was fine with creating a false
game in order to advance further.
>> So, I have one other question. When you
when you did this, um you said that you
did this to move you and your partner
forward.
>> And I tried to tell Tyler
>> So, what did you Did you give Tyler a
special card or how did you do this to
move him and you forward and make sure
that Sue was out?
>> When you were looking a different way or
whatever, I was trying to signal to
Tyler that the the cards were were
loaded to the front. So, Tyler did know?
Tyler When I tried to tell him, he
didn't pick up what I was putting down.
I I tried to let him know he did not
>> let Tyler in. So, Tyler's also here.
>> Yeah, I'd like to hear from Tyler.
>> Did Did you know? No, like he tried to
signal, but I was I suck at reading
lips, so I had no clue what he was
trying to say. And I believe you. I
believe you. And Well, to be fair, you
flipped over an eight, right?
>> Yeah. So, you're saying it like you
flipped over an ace or a king.
>> I would have known, I would have picked
from the left side cuz he said he
stacked two highest card there, but I
picked from the right side. So, when I
flipped my card over, I saw Sue's card
upside down and I saw the bottom right
number say nine. Wow.
>> And I saw Sue's face. It was legit. I
saw his face
and I think Wow.
>> Cuz I thought I was eliminated, but I
took a couple seconds and I was like,
"Oh, wait, it's a six." And I was like,
"Oh my god, I was so close." That was
almost a $5.1 million
decision for you.
>> Yeah, like I was I was pretty stressed,
but then I realized it was a six, so.
Wow. And as you saw, Tyler and I had a
relationship since the the start of the
show. I would consider one of my closest
guys. And I knew you were a social
threat to win this game cuz think about
it, every single person here loves you.
They they They still love you to this
day. You absolutely have the capability
to make it further in this game based on
your social connections. I watched on
Survivor 47. I watched with my own two
eyes.
>> And you saw what happened with all the
people that betrayed me on 47, right? I
said, "You go out for revenge." So, it
was one of those like if I had burned
you publicly later in the game, you were
going to do whatever it takes to take me
out. You are a strong like fearless
woman. So, it was one of those if I had
an opportunity to take you out, it
benefits my game. No, I I
You're a good gamer and I give you
credit for that. I do want to point out
cuz I didn't even know this till just
now that you technically then rigged the
game where you moved through, but not
Tyler since he didn't pick up on it.
Either one of them could have gone home.
>> Yeah, I rigged the game I rigged the
game with the intention of getting Tyler
through, but I wasn't able to to execute
a perfect game. So, moving forward, you
know, like into the next episode, did
you have any Did you feel
like how can you be proud of yourself
when you you know you rigged the game
I'm I'm proud of myself because I told
myself on day one of the show, "I'm
going to do whatever it takes to win."
I'm I'm going to play
like everyone walks in this game saying,
"I'm going to be cutthroat. I'm going to
I'm going to do whatever it takes." But
then you get here, you meet these
people, you create incredible bonds. And
that's what makes the show so
interesting is those bonds and, you
know, trying to work with them. And I
told myself like
I was willing to sacrifice some of those
relationships to go further in this
game.
>> I have one question. If you guys could
do what Jack did
and get away with it, raise your hand if
you would rig the game in the cubes if
you could do it and get away with it. I
mean, you two kind of did. Wow. Really?
So, Some of us didn't have to.
You're not cheating. You wouldn't rig
the game if you could?
Not on JC. We let you shuffle our cards.
>> Yeah, no, I know you didn't, but you We
had the choice to rig it. Maybe I don't
want to say because I get called back
for another season and then, you know,
and so I don't know if I shot myself in
the foot It's like does the game Does
the game ever really stop now, you know?
Like
>> JC came back. It's You think he did? And
ended up in the cube again. Yeah, and
you know, and brought all that social
credit with him. So, maybe some of the
things he said were
>> to say that the winner was the most
ethical and honest player in the game.
Wow. That's a statement. That is a
statement. Do you guys agree with that?
Yes.
Do you agree with that?
I I think I could the most The most
ethical and and moral? I think him and
Corey were, yes.
>> Yeah, I think him and Corey also.
So, good guys can finish first.
Honestly, you don't need to cheat to
win. Do you Do you think he was the most
honest and ethical in the words of Sue?
>> it's it's hard I mean, if you're going
to have like a a ranking system, I think
like you said, I think Corey was very
honest and ethical. I think you were. I
think Corey couldn't hurt a fly, I will
say.
I got to
I got to stand behind Hannah forever.
Behind Hannah? Yeah, she turned down a
million dollars. I'll also say for
Corey, like he almost lost the game for
himself to not go back on his word for
me. So, I mean, that is wild.
>> think there's a a reason why the two you
guys would consider the most honest and
ethical ended up being the top two? Do
you think there's a correlation to it or
it's just a coincidence?
Well, it was a lot of voting and like
Tyler got through without having to
spend any money money because we all
love him so
>> Cuz he didn't burn anybody. I wouldn't
say he didn't burn anybody. Well, I'm
There's There's different types of
burning. Who Who Who did he burn?
>> Who did he burn? There's a moment that I
want to talk about
in the finale. But But But cuz I believe
in
in uh fresh beginnings, forgiveness.
Sue, is there anything that Jack could
do to
gain your forgiveness or gain a new
chapter in your book? I mean, I've so
moved beyond Jack. Like there's it's
there's
nothing. I mean, I don't hate him. I
just he's not the type of person that I
would want to surround myself with. It's
not the type of person I would hang
with.
>> I'm I'm willing to take that on the
chin. And if I give us a second, I would
I say something. Like I'm I'm I'm going
to step up and I'm not going to
apologize for the move, but I'm I'm
going to apologize for not telling you
beforehand. Cuz listen,
once again, you can say I was hiding
behind the NDA. That was not my
intention to say it like that. You do
not have to forgive me. I'm not I'm not
asking for your forgiveness, but I'm I'm
glad we got this conversation. Like I am
sorry
for not like make you endure that in
front of your family and friends. If I
was in your situation, like looking
back,
I I do feel terrible cuz that that I
don't want people to experience that. I
don't want people to experience like my
actions
hurting them and their and like your
friends and family. So,
if I could do it all over again, I would
tell you beforehand. I I would still do
the cube thing. But I did not want to
hurt you with my actions outside the
game. So, for that, I know you don't
have to forgive me, but I just want to
take the opportunity to say like I I am
sorry and
you have like
I have learned a lesson in this from
this. Yes.
>> Seems like a good place to move on.
>> us both back on season three.
>> you guys.
>> [laughter]
>> Please bring us back on season three.
>> going to be Are we going to be allies or
we going to work together? Are you going
to come back? Oh, yeah. I'm going to be
your best friend.
>> [laughter]
>> I forgive you. I forgive She's She's
going to have a third deck on top of the
second deck.
>> [laughter]
>> All right. Let's make it back to the
>> Let's Let's move on. I I think there's a
lot I appreciate you guys being so open
and transparent having the conversation.
I want to take you guys behind the
scenes of our Beast Games reunion shoot
because we set up this entire space from
scratch. We flew all the way to
Greenville. We got the lights, the
setup, and [music] everything. And it
would not have been possible without the
help of today's sponsor, Linktree. Over
70 million people use Linktree including
>> [music]
>> Mr. Beast because Linktree is more than
just a link in bio tool. In fact, we use
it for so much from featuring my BTS
videos with Jimmy in this carousel to my
free YouTube growth hack pack where you
can get my best tools, tips, and
templates to grow on YouTube just by
going on my Linktree. What I love about
Linktree is that they're always adding
new features including [music] a new one
that lets you put in a YouTube playlist
that auto updates with the newest videos
as you upload them on YouTube so you
don't have to [music] do a thing. Plus,
viewers can watch your videos right
within your Linktree. That on top of the
fact that you can customize your
Linktree [music] to your brand within
minutes, track analytics to see what's
getting clicks. I mean, it's such a
no-brainer to try out Linktree
especially because now they're giving
[music] a special deal just for our
viewers and because you're watching
this. So, check out this link below or
go to this QR code. And thank you again
to Linktree for sponsoring this video.
Um I I actually want to talk about the
$10 million coin Okay.
>> bit.
Let's play the clip when you
reintroduced it. And And Jimmy, I'm
curious why you brought it in earlier
this season in episode four instead of
the finale from last season. Inside this
case,
you might remember this from season one,
is a coin.
A $10 million coin to be precise.
And so, JC,
if you make it to the top six,
I will let you flip this coin to double
the prize pool [music] to $10 million.
What's going on your mind?
Oh, yeah.
Leverage.
>> [laughter]
>> Tell me about the $10 million coin. Like
how did you come up with the idea? Like
every time you bring that into play,
you're about to lose a ton of money
potentially. Yeah. Well, one of the
things I mean, I loved how it played out
in season one. But one of the sad things
is it's so deep in the show, not
everyone knew. You know, and like so I
wanted in season two to bring it in
earlier so people A would know about it
more while watching the show. And and B
it can just kind of become more of a
strategic thing. And then truthfully C,
Gage hitting that in season one hurt.
Like that $5 million. So, I was like I
also want to have the opportunity to buy
it off them, you know, so maybe we could
have a show slightly on budget for once.
Um and so just kind of put the big one
is like a lot of people, you know, who
watched some of the earlier episodes in
season one um and maybe didn't finish
it. Like they didn't even know we gave
away $10 million. And so
that was a big one is just having it be
like more of a through story instead of
just jamming it at the end.
>> Yeah. No, I thought it was such an
interesting dynamic. Monica,
obviously that changed the game quite a
bit for you when JC gave you his coin.
Um
What were you thinking when you got
that?
>> [clears throat]
>> Was it you were like leverage in your
own sense? In In the um in the cubes,
uh I I you know, want to
I want to ask if you remember this, but
you asked Jim and I how we both actually
felt about the coin. And you know, he
was extremely enthusiastic and he wanted
it super bad. The entire time he was
asking for
>> trying to get the coin. That was all I
did in the If Jim wants something, you
know, cuz he'll say it 35 I was trying
to get JC to give me that coin. I wanted
it. And you had asked me how I felt
about it. And I actually put my hands up
and I took a step back and I said, "I
want nothing to do with it." I was not
expecting JC to give me the coin.
I thought it was a lot of
responsibility.
Um obviously you kind of have to play
your cards right with the coin.
Um and I think my only regret in the
show actually
comes from that cube right after JC gave
me that coin.
Um I had the option to tell the group or
to keep it to myself. And I wish I kept
it to myself, but I did not want the
group to be mad at Jim and I for
eliminating JC and the chance to double
the money.
Um
but I wish I just kept my mouth I wish I
I wish I kept my mouth shut. Because I
said I had it in the first place.
>> Because it's a lot hard it's it's a lot
easier to hide something when people
aren't looking for it. If everybody just
thinks the coin is gone, then nobody's
going to be looking for it. Nobody's
going to be thinking about the
>> flip side, the coin at that time, you're
probably thinking if people know I have
this, they're more likely to keep me in
cuz you can double the prize pool. So, I
mean, there's You didn't need anybody to
keep you in. Yeah. There's smooth brain
plays both ways. I mean, there's also
the world where yeah, you keep it a
secret. And then if you're on the
chopping block, you pull it out and
you're like Yeah. And then it maybe it
hits a little harder then.
Yeah. And I I think the coin really was
like a safety blanket. You know, I
obviously made the decision to come out
and tell everybody
we have it.
Um it's not gone. And I did feel a
little safer with it, but I never felt
like it was this immunity idol
obviously.
Um
but I just I never wanted it originally,
but I'm happy that I ended up getting
it. And I'm happy with the decision with
the decision I made.
>> Yeah. Well, that's what's interesting is
you wanted it. You kept asking. And
there's a separate timeline where Jim
ends up with the coin. And God knows
what would have happened then. You
probably would have won the
>> would have been $10 million. You
probably [laughter] have $10 million
right now. But would the bribe have gone
to a million next? Yeah. Maybe right
when we got the Saudi or something. But
there was a million dollars ready to So,
I mean, I will say
in another world where I was chosen
captain for the graveyards instead of
Nick, I and you know, people can believe
me or not, I would have taken my fair
share. I would not have taken the bribe
for 500k. But if I was bribed for a
million dollars in the phone game,
I would have taken it in front of
everybody.
>> I would have been okay with that.
>> Yeah. I mean, that's such a big
no-brainer. Monica, I want to play that
moment where you decide to sell the coin
because I think it's one of the boldest
moves in
Beast Games history, maybe even
competition
TV show history.
>> I would like to give you this coin.
You just won HALF A MILLION DOLLARS. HOW
DOES THAT FEEL? The bold thing is what
comes after. [music] Very surreal
honestly. What feels right in this
moment is to take half a million dollars
and to leave whatever is left to the
other three people. Whoa, wait. That's a
new thing.
Did I catch that right? You're You're
thinking of not taking any of this 188
grand. No, it's Monica's [music] villain
arc
>> [laughter]
>> Oh my god. And so I made the decision to
take zero dollars
>> [laughter]
>> Monica. and leave
$188,534
for the three people who stood behind
me.
Yeah. [snorts]
It's Monica's villain arc season.
>> [laughter]
>> I love that. Well, Jim, your face when
you found out she took zero dollars.
>> know how we bought that. Like I don't
know how we genuinely believed that.
>> how did you feel when you heard that? I
don't know. I was like, "Hmm." Zero
dollars. I don't know. It just It didn't
sound right. I'm going to be honest, I
wouldn't get into acting if I were you
because them tears, they were not coming
out.
>> Whoa. I actually thought it was pretty
convincing.
>> You did? I thought it was pretty
You seemed pretty convinced when I I did
for like I was like, "Oh, shoot. Maybe
she did. Maybe she did." But like short
shortly like right after the court like
kind of dispersed, I like me and Brett
were talking and I'm like,
"I think something's up." Um Monica, why
did you lie about it? Like that was a
split second decision. Like we were
there. I think you made your decision
about 20 minutes to take the bribe and
then lie about it.
>> Because as soon as people in this game
know you have a significant amount of
money, you're next on the chopping block
to go home. Mhm.
I don't care what anybody says, that's
what it is. And I mean, I think in the
phone game, August said, "You know, if
you had just been honest with us about,
you know, selling the coin, you would
still be here." As a crock of crap. I
would No, I think I think I think it's
pretty I think it's pretty I think it's
pretty accurate that if you sold it and
said, "Guys, I had to sell it to make
sure the people after me made money." I
think that
a lot of people wouldn't have had a
issue with that because realistically we
knew that you would keep getting bribed
and if a million dollars was in front of
your face, I don't think anybody would
end up blaming you. But if you took 500k
for the betterment of everybody else to
make more money, I think that you could
have saved face right there on the court
and I don't think anybody would have
been pointing any fingers at you because
me and Brett were already in the hot
seat. So Yeah, I definitely think if I
did that you guys wouldn't have had an
issue with me coming clean, but I still
wouldn't have made it through in that
phone game. I think if you had like 60,
70k to bribe people with at that point
in the game too, I think once Tyler got
through and Hannah made the move she
moved like she did, I think it was it
divided between people who were going to
spend money and people were going to
make money. So I think if you just let's
just say you had 60k and you're like,
"Hey guys, I'm just going to give these
four people 15k." I think you could have
gotten through. I spent [laughter] 33 in
that phone game.
He went up to almost six figures to
[laughter] push me.
Why do you Why do you think, you know,
the people that you took zero dollars
and allowed to get more money, like
Katie, why they didn't you push her
through? Or or Jim? That was one thing I
was curious about.
Well, I was At that time I was still
thinking about how I could get through,
but realizing
that that probably wasn't going to
happen. Brett actually came in my cube
and told me that he was going to make a
push for the next round. And then August
had
made a higher offer to me and then they
came back later. August came in and
dumped money on my floor.
>> What's confusing though to me is because
she took zero in the money split and so
me, you, Hannah were all getting $20,000
more because of that move. Let's play
the clip of that. I'm going to give you
$23,000.
August offered me 25. You know, I mean,
at the end of the day I did give you,
Hannah, and Jim more money and I did
take zero dollars and I'm about to leave
the game with zero dollars as well. What
do you owe him? You don't owe him
anything. Well, he's giving me more
money. He's giving He's zeroing out.
She's going to zero out too and I'll
give you seven on top of that. I've
already I've already taken the bribe
with this
I guess. [music] I'm so sorry. I feel so
bad. Yeah, I would feel really bad too
because Monica literally took zero
dollars for you to be in this game. Oh,
that does not feel good.
So
you know, when August or somebody wants
to come and throw $25,000,
well, Monica's already given you
$20,000 before the game even started.
And now we're throwing 30 Well, I gave
everybody $750,000. So
what about that?
I don't have $750,000.
What are you talking about? I'm just
saying, amongst people, I let people
make money.
>> No, we were all going to get $20,000
less because of you.
We got $20,000 more because of you.
So like
>> have a point.
>> understand why we have 500k, I mean. I
don't Yeah, but it doesn't change the
gesture. I don't know why we would vote
for somebody that I mean, no offense,
like it's just game, you know what I
mean? But like why would you vote for
somebody that took money from you rather
than somebody who gave you money? And
that's why I felt horrible about it.
Obviously I cried. Yeah. Um but then
there's also, you know, I got to take
money home to my family too and there's
the other side of it like Brett took
extra money and so it was a move for me
to get some of that money back.
>> that's the case, then why don't we try
to get more money out of Brett?
>> [laughter]
>> I mean, [clears throat] he walked into
the top six to compete for five million
dollars with 190 in your pocket, right?
190? Three. Yeah, 193.
>> [laughter]
>> Brett, you're awfully quiet right now,
man. I
I I want to talk about the moment where
I think it was what, Jimmy, three hours?
That Brett took? I mean, it was a long
time. He It was 20 hours it took Brett
[laughter] to make a decision.
That's what it felt like.
We're still waiting on the decision.
>> [laughter]
>> Um He hasn't even decided yet.
But Brett, I want to play the moment
where you made a decision because it
seemed like
you looked at the money and things began
to change. Brett, whatever you say is
final. How much money
do you want?
I'm going to take $250,000, Jim.
I didn't hold true to my word.
That was by far the hardest decision
I've ever made in my life.
This is life-changing money and
>> [music]
>> I feel bad. I feel somber. I don't even
want to touch it. It feels dirty to me.
Crazy. It's a big crowd.
That's cool to see.
Brett, you said before it was a real
test of character.
>> [laughter]
>> Seeing that clip back
I'm just curious what was going through
your mind. Oh my god, I was up there for
two hours. Everything it was going
through my mind, you know? When I was
walking up there, I was like 100% taking
$100,000. Even after Nick told me 250,
I'm like,
"Yeah, I'll probably take $100,000." And
then I got up there, I'm like, "Oh, like
this is not as easy as as I thought it
was going to be." And honestly, like
even like three seconds before the
number I said the number, I didn't know
what I was going to say. I was still
deciding at that point. And so I I made
the decision and I wanted to leave some
some so Quorri could take it as well. I
know he wouldn't take it all, but I
wanted to give him the opportunity to
take, you know, similar to what I had.
Um
so yeah, that's my thought. But I I
could be here for two hours if you want
to go through everything, but that's
that was kind of the general gist of
what I thought.
>> that's what's interesting about the game
is cuz they don't know what's coming
next and so for all he knows he gets out
and then he, you know, we could be
watching this back and he, you know, he
could be like, "Man, why didn't I take
more money
instead of just 100 grand?" And so
that's what gets makes it interesting.
Jimmy, do you ever think about like the
design of the games from year to year
because
the money split will happen last year.
Yeah. It happened this year obviously
with the coffin element. Like do you
ever think about like contestants
predicting your next move too much?
Yeah, well, it's it was a lot easier in
the first season cuz no one knew what
anything was. And even in the second
season people were, you know, obviously
they had no idea if we were going to
bring games back or not. We're currently
working on season 3 and since we're
already doing casting and some people
know they're going to be in it, I can't
say too much, but I definitely don't
want people to be able to predict what
the next games are. I'm curious of how
aware you guys were of
all the cameras that were on you during
the show, especially after the 30, 40
days cuz you guys said some stuff that I
cannot believe.
They caught [laughter] it on camera.
Do we have any clips or no? Oh, yes, we
do.
>> No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no,
no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no,
no, no, no, no. All right. All right. We
have a never-before-seen clip from the
show. Oh. And in our BTS, I want to play
this clip OF MONICA. NO.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
>> KNOW WHAT THIS CONVERSATION IS, JIM?
YES, and I can clarify it. You want to
eliminate [music] all the girls one by
one. Am I hearing you correctly? You
know that I will.
I will do whatever it takes to get them
all out of here.
I'm doing all my work from the shadows.
>> [laughter]
>> Just Just to be clear. And you guys
didn't back me and Graves.
I didn't want to,
but I would.
Wait, Monica, let me just back up.
Where'd you get those shots?
>> [laughter]
>> That was
That was that was fire. Behind the
scenes is on on the case. Um Wow.
Monica, when you're saying that, are you
aware that the cameras are on you? No,
absolutely not.
>> Okay. So that's like
what's that look to What?
>> [laughter]
>> I'm just still shocked that she said
that, to be honest with you.
What Yeah, let me ask this. Katie,
Hannah, Sue, like you guys obviously
were with Monica
for quite some time. Like hearing that,
how does that make you feel?
I'm I'm sort of sad because I feel like
this was such a strong male-dominated
season and I mean, and they're all great
guys, but I felt like I like to stick
Not
>> [laughter]
>> Okay, I did it. I mean it. I'm good. I'm
good now. She said guys, not kids.
>> [laughter]
>> All of the guys are great, Sue. From
here back. I'm I'm still technically a
kid, so.
>> [laughter]
>> So So like for me, I've always been
someone who fights for the underdog and
I want to help women move forward and
feel empowered and feel strength. And
since And Monica's such a strong
powerful presence that it's a to me it's
a shame that she didn't really want to
help the women and was just going to
stick with the men.
Just who she is, but it's fine, you
know, but just it's surprising.
So I I just want to say that when I got
off the plane
initially in Vegas, I saw you, John, and
you know, we did a little interview and
I believe I told you that I my goal was
to send everybody home one by one.
Whether it was a man, whether it was a
woman, I wanted to send everybody home
one by one. In that clip, you know, I
didn't want to get rid of girls, but I
would if that's what it meant at the end
of the day. Well, what's interesting is
the guys seemed to team up really well
as opposed to to the women. And so And I
think that ended up helping you guys a
lot because you, you know, they were the
women were forming alliance, but they
weren't and they kind of were and they
were constantly backstabbing each other.
And for the most part, you know, until
like maybe the last episode,
the [clears throat] guys were like
pretty rock solid and and I actually
think that helped them quite a bit. It's
so interesting. What What do you you
guys think about
Yeah, I mean, I think what you don't see
is that there's a lot more
interconnected relationships Yeah. than
you actually see on the show. So I think
it's not as clear-cut as you see. For
example, like
for me, I feel like actually seeing that
clip, I'm not at all emotionally
offended. I'm more just strategically
surprised because I think you would have
had
I think there was this mega Avengers
alliance going on and I think it would
have been prudent for the rest of us
>> what they called themselves. Yes.
Prudent for us all to team up against
them. And since that was not really the
strategic situation going on, me and
Katie decided to join them instead as
sort of like a separate little mini
thing. Like me, Katie, Nick, and August
had a very very loose sort of side deal
thing going on.
And so
If we knew about that You said you did
know or didn't? We did not know about
that.
>> no we did. We did not know about that.
And obviously that doesn't get us that
doesn't help us that final 10 cuz we're
like more at the outer shell of that but
that helps save us for the heart
smashing. Like I felt completely safe
completely throwing the last smart
challenge so that Nick could win cuz I
felt completely safe with both of them.
I just can't get over the fact like I
know Monica you said like that was a
moment that you didn't know you're on
camera. I just don't tell me understand
why you would turn to the camera and say
it's your villain arc season or or this
moment if we could play it from episode
six she just wants to be a villain where
you admitted to lying like to the camera
like like nobody prompted you. When
she's up in the air?
>> [laughter]
>> Jim and I had a very genuine and honest
conversation without cameras and
everything and then when the cameras got
in front of him it felt like to me like
it went out the window.
You're saying Jim when the camera's on
is different?
Yeah. That if if she can save Jim I will
save Tyler.
You know I've stood by everything I've
said here. I'm going to keep doing it.
I'm lying.
>> [music]
>> I GOT YOU.
>> [screaming]
>> WHY TAKE THAT MOMENT to admit you're
lying? Fascinating.
Uh
Honestly
I was joshing with Carl up there. He was
like making me laugh and like he's like
how much longer you got? I'm just like
ah you know maybe like a half an hour.
>> It's iconic. And I I I tell Briley you
know cuz I went into this
knowing that I was not going to stick
with um
Briley and Katie specifically. And um
you know I had told her hey you know I'm
I'm going to keep you safe and I think I
turned one way or the other and I'm just
telling Carl like I'm lying and like
that that's how it came out.
>> Wow.
>> Yeah. Oh that was a lie to Carl.
>> It was. It was iconic I will say it's
you delivered a lot of lines a lot of
moments a lot of you guys here did
that's why you're here. Jim I'm curious
about that line from Briley where she
said she had more genuine conversation
with you off camera than on camera. How
many of you guys felt that Jim was more
genuine off camera
than on camera? I mean when you're in
the middle of like a challenge and Mr.
Beast is screaming 5 billion like yeah
I'm freaking out I'm excited there's I'm
the eighth person in a money split and
there's a there's 188k like that's
exciting that's really good like I'm not
going to shy away from enjoying the
moment of being a part of this
experience like I don't even think I
ever said thank you thank you. No
worries. For everything [laughter] you
know I guess like it could be taken like
I'm playing up my reactions. I'm really
not I'm just living in the moment. I was
genuinely
living my dreams.
I was genuinely having the best time.
>> say I thought you were hysterical from
start to finish.
>> the best time ever like it was the most
amazing thing. What I say with Jim too
is sometimes like he'll just say what
everyone's thinking but no one will and
to say it so it's always nice. I mean
like dude I've been watching Beast
videos so long man. I've been watching
these videos forever dude. So like to
finally be in like the biggest project
to be in Beast Games and to make it as
far as I did
wow.
How did your relationship start? There
we go.
So yeah we can clear this up right here.
>> The internet thinks it's fake. You guys
only knew each other for two hours.
>> I know wait it was two weeks two hours.
>> There was
said it was two hours. We were in the we
were in that Vegas hotel for a lot
longer than we expected and we got to
know each other in that meantime. We met
after dinner after the coin flip dinner.
We met after that dinner. Do you want to
explain the story you're more elegant
than me?
>> We'll we'll just give you a really clear
timeline. We did not know each other
before the show. We met on I think day
two in Vegas. We were coming back from
the dinner
where all 200 contestants were invited.
I told him his flannel was on inside
out. He turns around he gives me a
really cheesy smile and it was at that
moment where it was just over for me.
Yeah. We start talking
>> said I guess it is.
>> Yeah. We start talking That was the line
that wowed you. I I nailed that line I
nailed that. I'm telling you I nailed
that. I remember knowing that. I
[laughter] said I'm writing that one
down. I was cooking with that one. Yeah
so we start talking over the next couple
days and then it was only until or it
was only after episode two where we had
gone our separate ways in the challenge.
We had come back and I believe that was
two weeks into filming where we had then
made it official. Um so it wasn't two
days it wasn't two hours it was two
weeks and in in B City two weeks feels
like two months.
>> Yeah for real. It really does. You have
no phones you're just you and me hanging
out in the city no distractions no jobs
or work or anything like that. So when
you have that much time to spend with
someone things can move pretty quick and
I honestly don't feel like two weeks is
a ridiculous time to make it official
with someone. That's not a It is a
ridiculous time to make it official and
get married. Okay to get married So
let's play a clip um
of when not only you got married but
your parents came to B City and you guys
introduced yourselves as husband and
wife.
>> [laughter]
>> At common law at common law at common
law.
Jim's like yeah we got married and the
parents were like uh
I was like well I mean they did.
Married. Yeah we're married. For real?
Yeah we did a little we did a marriage
thing.
If she loves James I love her. Wow. Like
this is the storyline so many people
have been following I'm like what are
the parents going to think? I love it.
Yeah.
>> [laughter]
>> That face. I love it.
So I think that marriage was that was
when everybody was at Fiji so maybe
three or four weeks something like that.
>> Okay. And Jack you ordained that
wedding?
>> I sure did. I
ordained myself as a minister when I
turned 18 because you know as every
teenager when they turn 18 they look up
what can you do when you turn 18. The
first three things were skydive buy a
lottery ticket and get ordained as a
minister. And once I got those two done
the only logical step is do get ordained
as a minister.
>> were ready before Beast Games Oh I was
ready. That was like my that was like my
fourth wedding at this point.
>> Yeah. And so
if you divorce her do you get half her
500 grand?
>> Ooh. I don't know how it works. I I know
it's technically I know it's technically
a common law marriage. So it's
technically a common If she won the 5
million dollars and you divorced her
would you have gotten half?
>> It was this like the long game Jim? Um
We'll have to wait and find out.
>> [laughter]
>> No. No no no. But
I mean [laughter] Yo what is this?
Why are you all choked up? What's
happening? You're waiting a long time to
answer Jim. That was not that was not
the that was not the game plan. That was
not the game plan. That was that was
very convincing.
>> It's obviously not the No it's so
ridiculous as well.
>> they they sign agreements that say they
can't split the money but maybe that's
the loophole is you get married and then
divorce and then
>> There was no it was I mean maybe that's
their insurance [laughter] plan.
Honestly we were just having fun. Like
we were just having fun. It wasn't like
I didn't think like people on the
internet were looking at it like what is
this like is this some kind of like
we're just having fun like people were
bored in this city we were looking for
something to do. Just having fun getting
down on one knee you know.
>> it was like bringing in a ordained
minister to
>> Oh yeah I'll say up to that point that
was A real honorable ordained minister.
I I have my ordained minister like I
have it framed in my backpack right
here. [laughter]
Chad do you want me to go get my
ordained minister badge? We'll we'll
we'll we'll show the we believe you. The
wedding was a public display of
affection and I think we just wanted to
be the first ones to do it to get
married in the city. It was a good time.
>> wasn't even our first
you just wanted to do be the first in
the city not to It was fun like it was
it was fun. It was cute and it was fun.
We don't have like a legal marriage
certificate but like You should you
should double check that.
>> [laughter]
>> Cuz I signed a couple things. Did you
ever expect a a couple to get married
when No. Um
I mean I wasn't even there. I till I saw
the footage I was like oh they're just
joking. I mean we have a Lego ring and a
piece of string like we're we're
obviously like like he's walking it
back?
I feel like he's ripping up the
marriage. He's really walking it back
here.
What do you think? Are you think I'm
walking it back?
I will [snorts] say we did not
sign a pre-nup we did not sign a
marriage license.
Okay.
>> So you had an ordained minister vows and
a ceremony of of marriage.
>> Look he he's the lawyer.
>> That's common law marriage. That's
common law. If we hold ourselves out as
I think we're technically married in six
states. I mean we do share an apartment
now so
>> Oh you guys live together? So get give
us a life update. Are your parents Are
you guys still together? Yes.
>> Yes. Is it fake? No. But the guy on
Reddit said it is.
That's what they always say. You know
that Jim. So the Beast Games subreddit
is pretty active and has a lot of
thoughts about you guys.
>> It's 10 times more active than season
one which is pretty crazy.
>> It's wild. Shout out to shout out to the
subreddit. Here's one of the most
upvoted posts in the past 24 hours since
the finale. If we could pull up this
>> I know what this ONE IS. OH.
OH I POSTED THAT.
>> [laughter]
>> WHAT? THOUSANDS.
>> Was that you Jack? Yep. Most satisfying
shot of the entire show is on track to
be the most upvoted post from the
subreddit.
>> That's crazy.
>> And it's the moment August got
eliminated.
>> to go downvote it. I own the subreddit
[laughter]
I own the subreddit every day to go and
just see what people are saying and
August got a lot more flak that I
thought he was going to get in the past
week. It's been it's been crazy.
>> Let's play that moment to give context
about what happened cuz that was
probably one of the biggest betrayals of
the show and at the last minute.
Tyler
you got to keep kicking.
Kick for Hannah we're all kicking for
Hannah.
Go for Hannah, please. Is this the one,
Tyler? Is this the kill [music] shot?
I don't know why that had to happen that
way. I mean, we went through the whole
game together.
Okay.
That was the last thing I was expecting.
I'm sorry.
>> [music]
>> It's on your queue.
Love you, man.
>> [snorts]
>> Drop him.
John, what? All right. That was intense.
>> You love this. Come on.
>> [laughter]
>> You love this, Jimmy. Tyler, you you
you're you're the big winner here, but
you've been awfully quiet. We heard you
as a nice guy, and all but that was a
pretty um bold move there to go against
your buddy, August. Like, what was going
through your mind there? I just want to
stay I was flabbergasted that that
happened.
>> I was like Oh my gosh. I I
would have bet a million dollars that he
was going to kick at Hannah, and then
when he I was so caught off guard. Like,
I
>> Tell us all about it. I'm sure
>> Yeah, I mean, there's there's a lot of
things going through my head at that
time. Um
obviously, seeing Hannah cry wasn't easy
cuz we're all going for
So, I wanted to be a good role model
model for my boys. So, I wanted to
switch it up. And additionally, what was
going through my mind is at this point
in the game, I couldn't trust him.
Because
>> Wow. Wow. he was quick to throw Nick
under the bus after the money split
with what he said, and then the crap he
was talking on him. So, my thought
process was if he's quick to do this to
Nick, his number one guy, then what is
he willing to do to me moving forward?
And that was a risk I wasn't willing to
take. I guess I feel like the whole Nick
thing um like he's talking about after
money poll. Um Hold on. Let let's give
context. After the money poll, you mean
the moment you peer peer pressured Nick?
Yeah, yeah. I know you're talking you're
talking about when he was like, "Should
you tell him or should I?" Yeah. Let's
play the Let's play the clip of that. We
actually have that from
episode eight, money poll.
I know there's a lot you want to talk
about. Remember, you don't have to say
how much money you did or didn't take.
That's up to you to disclose.
Have fun.
Yo, who took all the money in?
>> [laughter]
>> Reasonable question.
You want to say it or you want me to say
it?
I'll say it. I'll own up to it.
I did in fact take 250k.
You want to say it or should I say it?
Just to clarify, Tyler, was that the
moment that your perception of August
started to change as being loyal?
>> Yeah, I mean, there's there's other
moments like he would say one thing and
then say another thing to other people,
and
all of us up here were familiar with all
that stuff.
Um and then just leading up to that
moment, and then at the library,
someone was talking
trash about Nick, and he didn't stand up
for him. So, I'm just all this stuff is
running through my head.
Um and then, you know, seeing Hannah
cry, like I'm trying to be a good role
model for my kids. And then with, you
know, knowing the stuff that he did to
Nick,
not being able to trust him, it was just
a strategic move at that point. That was
a very long night, and like I shouldn't
have opened my mouth with like certain
things I said, like peer pressuring
Nick. Like, that wasn't my which
obviously, that's how it was like
received from everybody else. My
intention wasn't to like throw Nick
under the bus or like crap on Nick. It
was just like me outwardly processing
things, which isn't like probably a good
strategic move. I was just like talking
through it. And again, I felt like he
had like Again, there's a there's a line
I say in the library in the show where
I'm like, "I feel like Nick and uh Brett
just cooked themselves 150k extra. I
don't get why they would do that." Um
and so
If you could go back in time, would you
have said they cooked themselves 150k
extra, but I still support him? Would
you play the game more? How would I
Yeah, maybe I should have played the
game more, and maybe I should have shut
up about it. But like, we made up from
that. And again, like the whole entire
phone game, like the whole reason why I
tried to use the coin was to help Nick.
And like But when you did that, you said
you used it to push you through first,
and then Nick second. So, how are you
going to help him get through? Yeah,
that's right.
I knew that he needed assist cuz I knew
he wasn't going to spend his money. And
so, I was like, "Okay, if he can get
Jimmy and Monica's guaranteed votes,
that would help cuz there are other
people that want to vote him through."
And so like
Nick and I like we we had those things.
In the conversation you're referring to,
um Jim, you actually came up to me in
the hotel, and you said, "Dude, we got
to get rid of Nick and Brett, man." And
I said, "Yeah, Jim, I'm down." cuz I
thought it'd be like a strategic play.
So, the first thing I did went went to
Nick and told him that. And again,
that's probably not strategic on my end,
but I wanted him to know that happened.
I was like, "Just you know, like Jim
said this, and I said this that way he
doesn't know the real stuff like good."
>> Yeah, but I told you guys I said if I
got a ball, like, you know where it's
going. Yeah, no. So, I I I just thought
that was like I guess I shouldn't have
told him, but I was just trying to like
just so you know, I told Brett. Yeah,
but it was taken as if So, if someone
came up to you and said, "I'm going
after Monica."
you're going to side in with them and be
like, "Yeah, let's get Monica." So,
that's why it was taken for like Well,
why would I tell you that if I was going
to I was never going to go against you.
And you know I was never going to.
I said things I shouldn't have. That's
that. I said, "Yeah, I'm going to get
Monica." I think where it was hard for
me is I was unaware that you felt that
way. And so I felt like
here's my best friend left in the game.
And then just like that happening out of
nowhere, and like just like you're just
knowingly like
sending me home with like nothing in
that moment. And I just was so like like
I had just no clue that was like it was
just like
it was tough. Like Yeah, I mean, it
wasn't a easy decision for me, man. But,
you know, I I did give clues to like
my concerns with how you were back and
forth with things cuz
you know, we would always you would
always joke with like whenever I would
say it to you, like, you am I good? Cuz
I'd always ask you, am I good?
>> He would ask me stuff like that. Like,
before the before the smart challenge
the memory game, I was like, "I'm going
to go next. I got your neck." He was
like, "Dude, you got me, right, bro?"
And I'm like, "Dude, what are you
talking We met in We've been friends
since the beginning." I'm like But it's
just like some of the back and forth
stuff, man. Like Oh. you would say one
thing and then do the other. And like, a
lot of people have
saw that and realized that that's
Yeah, like it was it was just tough to
know that. And then the stuff you did to
him
to move forward. Like, when he turned a
million dollars down for me, dude, like
in our team, I was like dude, you're my
ride or die. I Yeah, I mean, I felt the
same way. It was just that one thing.
I'm going to do what I can to move you
forward. And when he took the 250, I did
not care at all. I even told him when he
was came
>> him. I I when when he came around the
graves talking to us, I was like, "Do
whatever you want, man. You deserve it."
I was so I was so happy for him. I was
so happy for him. But at the same time,
it was like like you you just threw him
under the bus, man. I didn't understand
that.
Yeah.
>> Obviously, I just like I said, just
outwardly processing. Like, I
strategically, I should have just shut
up and gone to bed cuz I was there's a
lot going through my head. But I was
just being myself and processing, which
again, I mean, we've talked about it.
Like, I'm sorry for throwing under the
bus the bus. That wasn't my intention,
but I mean, obviously, it
freaking didn't work out for me. So.
Yeah. And well, what's interesting is
alliances tend to do really well in
getting people far. But at the end of
the day, there's only one winner. And so
at a certain point, the alliances do
have to come to an end. And so that's
also what's uh no? No, I don't think so.
I mean, if you look at Brett and Corey,
they played all the way to the end. I
don't think alliances need to I don't I
think it's just like statistically
improbable that they have to like fall
apart. Cuz let's just say Jack doesn't
go out there, and the three of us move
on to the top four.
>> we What do we do in a scenario with us
four, and there's like Yeah. That's
That's That's just not going to happen
that there's going to be us four. It
could, but like realistically, the the
the craziest thing that could possibly
happen is three of the four of us being
top three. Yeah, but what do we do in a
scenario What do we do in a scenario
with us four, and we're in the final
four challenge? What do we do? I That's
just not like That That's a scenario
that would never happen. Could have
happened. You like listen, I I'm all for
alliances, right?
>> There's literally nobody else left. We
We talked about the entire season. We
wanted to get to the end, and then it
was kind of just every man for himself.
We We always said We always said that.
Yeah, I was saying But in this
situation, obviously, it wasn't like
that. I mean, there were two of us out
of five. Uh one of the critics said, "In
each episode, you think you know what is
happening, but the twist keep coming.
Episode nine of Beast Games may go down
as one of the best episodes in reality
TV history." Wow. I like that critic.
That's a good critic.
Well, and as
>> [laughter]
>> the ones who lived a lot of these twists
and turns
I want to ask you guys about that
moment, Nick.
You know what I'm going to ask about.
Yeah.
At the end
of episode nine,
the phone
is ringing,
and you're speaking to Jimmy. You're
about to make a decision to send
somebody to the next round to be a final
six. Let's play the clip of that.
>> Brett gave you $30,000,
and in return, you promised to vote for
him. I'll take 30 grand.
But you also promised your vote to
Monica after she sent you $33,000.
Please don't screw me over this time.
I got you.
And you've taken money from Monica.
Monica, how much money did you give Nick
to try to bribe his vote to get into the
next round? $33,000.
>> $33,000.
Brett, how much money did you give Nick
to try to bribe his vote to get into the
next round? $30,000. $30,000. Wow. And
what decision did you make?
Again, another heavy heavy decision like
the whole season was.
Um I went with Brett, clearly. Um
It was I mean, yeah, it's it's it's
crazy. I I had a lot of money on the
table, and both people gifted me money
and all that stuff. My my relationship
with Brett was clearly a lot closer. And
knowing that Monica had 500k in her back
pocket,
it only seemed right just because there
was dishonesty dishonest stuff. And I'm
getting ridiculed by people that already
have money, but telling me
um I'm the one that's greedy. So, like,
that played a big part into everything,
but yeah, Brett it's no secret that
Brett and Corey, like, we we all had an
alliance for sure, but Brett and Corey
were very much a part of that and um
I love this dude and uh I just I it was
it was a heavy decision, but I wanted to
do what was right in my mind and that
was be for the boys like I was this
entire season. I was for my friends and
no one could ever take that away from
me. Every decision I made in the games
was for the benefit of me and my friends
and uh it all came down to that moment.
So,
yeah. Love you, brother. Love you, bro.
Well,
I will say that Nick and I did not have
that lengthy history that he had with a
lot of the guys, but after the strong
and smart challenge and you know, I
mean, I had helped Nick win that pattern
game and I just I felt like we were
closer.
>> You did. You were the reason he got to
the end.
>> I felt like we were closer than I think
we actually were. Mhm.
>> We I agree that we had um after the
strong and smart challenge, me and
Monica had a bond um because the two of
us had to live something in the games
that nobody else. It's It's not easy to
look three people in the eye and I mean,
let's let's face facts. We're not
getting a Lamborghini here like like
Akira and and stuff like that. Like, we
have to look them in the eye and say,
"You're going home because we said so."
Yeah. And uh it wasn't easy to do that.
So, I know that we leaned on each other
a lot for that and we did we did have a
bond for that. This is This is the thing
about Beast Games. You got to build
these connections all the way through
through the games and this is no hate to
Jim and Monica doing their thing, but I
feel like because they were so about
their relationship, they didn't really
branch out to form the strongest bonds
with all of us the way that I had with
Brett, Corey, Tyler, Jack, August and
and so many other people, too. Like, I I
would like what uh Hannah was saying
earlier, like, Hannah and Katie, we got
pretty close through the island. Um but
uh it's this is Beast Games. You You got
to form these connections. You got to be
able to whatever. So, I could look back
and say, "Yeah, Monica really did help
me out with that last chunk of the smart
challenge." But, it's just the bond that
I got with this guy right here was a bit
stronger and that's why I did what I
did. Yeah. And that Yo, if you look at
that game, like, I didn't even try to
make a push because I knew that. I knew
I had spent the whole time with Monica.
My relationship was with Monica. I I
just rode with her the whole time, you
know? And so, I didn't really take time
to get to know Brett on like a super
deep level or like me, Katie and like
even Katie and Hannah, some of my other
like closest allies.
Y'all, [laughter]
okay? Like, like, we weren't like we
didn't get like super close, you know
what I mean? To where like we were like
best friends kind of thing. So, I don't
think we had
um
these deep kind of bonds and connections
that you need to make it through the
phone game. I think social capital is
what we were lacking, not money.
>> Fascinating. I find this very
interesting. So, if you could talk to
people who are going to compete in
season 3,
it sounds like some advice you'd give
them is build a really deep connections
Be friends with everybody. I would say I
would say build real connections because
all the phony stuff's going to get
sorted out. If you're a friend to
everyone, you're not a friend to me. I
feel like a lot of people A lot of
people will see if you're trying to be
that guy where you're friends with
everybody and telling everybody what
they want to hear. You're That's all
going to get caught. You got to form
real friendships. You got to surround
yourself with like-minded individuals
with the same common goals.
>> saying it's better to be really, really
close with theoretically five people as
opposed to kind of close with 20. Yeah,
it's it's no coincidence that
floor two, the Avengers, made it as far
as they did because we had that bond. We
all were playing to win. We wanted to
make it to the end and um that's that's
no coincidence. You You need that in
Beast Games. On the flip side, I I I
know I asked all of you guys uh earlier
like, "Who did not deserve the money
that they took home?" And you guys had
very pointed answers.
Brett, Nick, we've unpacked that. But,
on the flip side,
all of you said one person who should
have taken home more money and that was
Corey. And Corey can't be here, but I
found this Reddit post that is also one
of the most upvoted in the subreddit. Um
and I just thought it was really moving.
I thought I'd read uh a part of it. Um
this Reddit post said, "Some people
don't win the prize, but they win
something far bigger.
Respect, character and the kind of
legacy their kids will be proud of.
Corey, I genuinely feel bad seeing you
walk away with just $17,000. I truly
believe this is not your peak. There's
far more greatness ahead of you."
Wow. I wish he could be here.
Yeah.
>> [applause]
>> Corey, I know you're at work and you
tried everything to be here and uh yeah,
I just wanted to share that on on behalf
of all the people that are rooting for
him.
>> I wish if he was here, I'd ask him, does
he regret not taking the million
dollars?
>> Yeah. Yeah, especially with three kids.
I mean, is there anything we didn't hit
that you guys want to talk about? I
don't know. I just again want to thank
Hannah so much for turning down a
million dollars for me. And I feel so
bad that you left with nothing, but
>> [laughter]
>> Fortunately, I regret none of it. I
cared about winning and not not the
money at all.
>> Like, if I could come in and just sign a
contract and say, "I'll make it to the
end and won't win anything." I would cuz
that's what
>> That's right. Hannah plays uh Survivor
on her free time and like Yep. Love of
the game. Do you Do you the 16 block
pattern that got you out, do you know it
by memory now?
>> [laughter]
>> No. No, but I've I replayed it many,
many times. Yeah. That was the thing.
Do you
Do you wish you attempted it, pressed
the button and you went to attempt it?
Yes. No, absolutely, of course. Yeah.
>> Um And if she if she attempted it, would
the three of you would you have helped
her in any way? Yeah, I I told her I
would have helped.
I think I was gone regardless. Oh,
really? I think Brett It was between the
two of you.
>> You weren't You weren't taking Corey out
or Tyler.
>> I was definitely not uh it was it was
impossible though because I felt really
thankful to all three of you for helping
me get that far. So, I guess because you
were shooting me in the Yes. Yes.
Knowing Corey, the guy he is, he 100%
would have helped. Yeah, like I I just I
think I didn't know what the dynamics
were. So, I didn't truly know if you you
were saying like, "I'll help you." Are
you going to help me? Are you just going
to tell me nonsense and I'm going to get
myself eliminated?
>> I thought I thought I would have helped.
I mean, he helped you in the previous
game.
No, they definitely would have. It was
the first one. Like, who It was whoever
hit it was like
got to get it.
>> Don't tell me Don't tell me that. Just
tell
How does that [laughter] make you feel
knowing that they they would have
helped?
>> It makes me feel worse. So, Yeah.
But, thank you. Um I wanted to bring
this home with the moment that you won
$5 million.
Um do do you have the money in your bank
account now? I do. Yeah, I checked
earlier. Really? Can I pull it up? Can I
Can I see it? Uh my phone is over there.
Yeah. Well, I think we have a video of
of it when uh I think we have a the
video. Oh [laughter] my god.
So, Oh my god. as we
Yes, we we obviously we don't pay
winners until the episodes air. We
waited until Tyler showed up here today
to send him the $5 million. I made sure
Sinaan over here had his reaction. So,
you want to hit play, this is when the
$5 million hit his bank account. Is it
there?
>> [laughter]
>> It's there.
>> That's so crazy. Let's see it. You feel
me? Yeah.
That's so crazy. Oh my gosh. Wow.
That's so wild.
>> [laughter]
>> Tyler, wow.
So, [laughter] I I Yeah, congrats.
[applause]
You have the five milli.
When When um
how many days ago was it that you were
standing on the money after you won? Was
it like three, four months ago?
Five.
>> Yeah, it's like I think it was like
eight months.
>> Oh my gosh. Yeah, eight months ago you
won. You were standing on the giant pile
of $5 million. I told you that was
yours, but you know, to incentivize
people not to leak things, we wait till
after the show airs to pay them. And so,
that eight-month period, you won $5
million, but you didn't have it. What
was that like? Do you Do you sometimes
go, "Oh, am I going to get it?" or Yeah.
>> Yeah, like I I was just thinking the
whole time like, "Is this real? Like, is
it is it legit? Like, when's it going to
happen?" And then uh yeah, it was hard
to adjust for the next month and a half
after filming. Yeah. Uh but then once I
adjusted back to my normal schedule, I
kind of forgot about it. But, once
things started ramping up again, that's
when I was like,
"Man, when's it going to happen?" Like,
I I can't wait. I can't wait to, you
know, surprise my wife, show her and my
kids and yeah, like, it was it was
surreal. Like, it was
>> it was a hard eight months to to wait,
you know?
>> Did you ever have a moment where you're
like, "Am I not going to get $5 million?
Is this fake?" There was there was a
couple moments when I was just like
thinking like,
"Is it going to happen?" Like, I I don't
know if it's Is this real? But,
[laughter]
you know, just looking back at season 1,
like, I you know, Jeff obviously got
paid out. Like, I I don't have any
distrust in you. I I knew you would you
would do it. You're a man of your word
and stuff. So,
>> Ooh, thank goodness. Yeah, no, you're
you're awesome, man. You're awesome.
Yeah, imagine what What would you have
done different reality? Imagine I just
block you. Everyone on my team just
blocks [laughter] you.
Or just like, "Yeah, that never
happened." What's funny is like, the day
that the the finale aired, yeah, I was
constantly checking my bank account just
to make sure I gave you guys the correct
info.
I was worried I fat-fingered a number
cuz I didn't see it in there that day.
So, I was like,
I was like freaking out. I was like,
"Man, did I fat-finger a number? Like,
what if it went to a different account?
Like, will I ever get it?" So,
>> Corey never gave you his He actually
sent it to Tyler Conklin.
Director [laughter]
of all shots. Wrong Tyler.
>> There's too many Tylers, right? Jimmy,
any thoughts looking ahead season 3 or
even just this playground you've created
from your bedroom, you know, counting to
100,000,
um burying yourself alive to now burying
10 contestants alive, like, the
the way you just pushed so many things
to create this world in a second season.
It's just incredible. Where Where's your
mind going in the future and are there
any things you learned, reflections,
like I remember after season 1 you told
me there's so many things you could do
better Yeah. during the finale. Well,
it's interesting because like you we
just talked about we filmed this eight
months ago. I've seen every episode so
many dozens of times in the edit. By the
time they drop, like sometimes I'll
quote things they say before they say it
cuz I already know cuz I've watched it
so much and I've sat there in the
editing room and I'm like, "Eh, you
should make that longer or shorter." and
stuff like that. So, but in general,
I've said this a bazillion times even
with you. I think season 1 people loved.
It was just a little too luck based and
people didn't know the contestants as
much. I think we definitely fixed that
in season 2 and I think that's partially
why you see the subreddit way more
active and way more talking about the
people as opposed to the games, which is
very nice. Um and I think in season 3 I
now that we got rid of the luck, I do
think in some of the games it maybe made
them slightly more boring and it might
not have been as good as they could be.
So, I want to keep the character
development and now just figure out how
we Like that first game in season 1
where we're dropping the trapdoors, that
was crazy. And I would like a a couple
more big spectacle sets like that that
we bring back and figure out how we can,
you know, incorporate the storytelling
stuff that we really figured out with
the characters in season or contestants,
I shouldn't say characters, in season 2
but with, you know, some of the bigger
sets we had in season 1 and just kind of
mix Really, I think we have all the
puzzle pieces there. Now it's just
taking the things that worked really
well in season 1 and then taking the
things that we tried and worked really
exceptionally well in season 2 and
merging them together for season 3 is
kind of how I see it. I don't know if
you have any closing thoughts. You guys
have any thoughts to share, but I I
appreciate you guys for being so open.
This felt like a therapy session as much
as a reunion. And I know we went to a
lot of places, but you guys gave us a
lot in this season. So, I appreciate
[music] you guys. Any
final thoughts? Jimmy, you feel like
you're itching to say something. Yeah, I
just wanted to say thank you again. I
feel like uh
I went on this challenge and we did this
whole thing and you gave me all this
money and I never even [music] got to
say thank you and I that bothered me.
That bothered me for like a
I appreciate I know you're all grateful
and I'm grateful for you guys coming out
and uh people really love the show and
so thank you guys. You guys all crushed
it. Congrats, guys. [music] Yeah.
Congrats. Yeah.
If you like this video, you're going to
love the next episode of our original
docu-series 45 Days with Mr. Beast,
which are the extended cuts of my
behind-the-scenes with Jimmy from his
YouTube shoots to Beast Games and
everything in between. So, I want to
show you a first look at the trailer for
our next episode.
>> After so many of you guys commented
about loving the last one that we
posted. So, subscribe and ring the
notification bell so you don't miss it.
All right, here we go. There are tons of
moments when I was younger [music] where
I would cry. Everyone tells me it's not
realistic. At the end of the day, I just
loved it. But I love making videos. I
love entertaining people. All
four or five people watched it back
then.
We're 99,000 subscribers off of 400
million. Okay, we're going to see if the
highest jumper in the world can jump
higher than a tiger. World record. CAN
HE DO IT?
YOU'RE LEVITATING.
We're on set of one of Jimmy's most
expensive videos. He's giving [music]
away this private jet that's worth over
$2 million.
>> If he goes another 100 days, I'll give
him half a million dollars. No.
>> Are you doing another 100 days or do you
want to go hang out with your family?
My schedule is literally planned down to
the minute.
>> Jimmy is already sprinting to his next
video.
We're in a thumbnail shoot. We're
spending hours getting everything set
up.
>> How much money do you think all the gear
here is? It's definitely north of 5
million. How many cameras have you used
on a shoot?
>> at about 350 individual cameras. Mr.
Beast, welcome to Survivor. Welcome to
Beast Games. Jeff has been doing
Survivor as long [music] as I've been
alive.
>> They've taken this genre and just
steroided This is how I think Jimmy sees
me.
No, I see a little more bent over. Yeah.
Do you [music] ever think you'd die when
you were doing your YouTube videos?
>> There's 20,000 pounds of dirt on me and
if the coffin broke, I was dead.